He is awake now
Here we go again.
If you have nothing to do, go out first
Don't bother me here.
Grandpa, you are awake, grandpa
old man
How does the old man feel?
Hey grandpa
Don't get excited
The bones are still weak
You again
What a coincidence
You are Miaoying's grandfather, I should save you
Lao Yuan
I am such a precious granddaughter
We're going to face it today.
After marriage
My body recovers
I'll give it to you myself.
Host a wedding
Ye Haha
Ah!
By the way, grandpa, I have something else to do after you are hospitalized
Second uncle insists on forcing my family's little gratitude
At the engagement party.
Destiny is Miss
Grandpa, see if you can use your relationship.
Let the people in Tianmen come forward to deal with it
I'm afraid Wang Yuan will have trouble in the future
OK
Don't worry, the Tang family will be fine
The Xiao family is not favored
But
The Xiao family of the Tianmen celebration participated in the Tianmen banquet
Okay, okay.
cousin
Everyone said it
The manufacturer is fine.
Don't worry, hahaha.